---
layout: post
type: socratic
title: "BitDevs Amsterdam, August 29th 2024"
meetup: https://www.meetup.com/bitdevs-amsterdam/events/302511067/
published: true
---

## BitDevs Amsterdam meeting 012!

It's time for another BitDevs! A big thanks to [Blockrise](https://blockrise.com) for sponsoring us with the meeting space and snacks! Drinks and light snacks will be provided, so please ensure you have some dinner beforehand or bring it along to the seminar.

### Thursday, August 29th 2024 @ 7PM

**IMPORTANT.** We will have a different location than usual. Our location this time is at the Blockrise office: [Blaak 555 (23rd floor), 3011 GB, Rotterdam](https://maps.app.goo.gl/9AVUnR6ZxAWxp4vx6).

Doors open at 6:30PM and we will try to start promptly at 7PM. As a reminder, the ground rules of BitDevs are as follows:

1. No photos, videos, or recordings.
1. [Chatham House Rule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chatham_House_Rule): you may
   reiterate the contents of the meeting *without* attribution.

These rules exist so that BitDevs participants can speak freely within the event.

# Agenda

* [v28 release candidates coming soon!](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/29891)
  * ["Fire up the guix machine"](github.com/bitcoin-dev-tools/bgt)
  * ["Fixing Lightning Force Closures (with v28)"](https://mblack.io/posts/fixing-lightning-force-closures/)
  * ["AssumeUTXO on mainnet"](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/28553)
* Notable PRs
  * ["#30664: CMake - Have Fun Staying Rebased"](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/30664)
  * ["#48: SV2 over IPC (multiprocess)"](https://github.com/Sjors/bitcoin/pull/48)
  * ["#30595: Introduce C Header API"](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/30595)
  * ["#30681: Testnet4 timewarp attack mitigation"](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/30681)
* BIPS
  * ["ChillDKG: Distributed Key Generation for FROST"](https://github.com/BlockstreamResearch/bip-frost-dkg)
* Misc
  * ["Dark Skippy Disclosure"](https://darkskippy.com)
  * ["Delving: Who will run the coinjoin coordinators?"[https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/who-will-run-the-coinjoin-coordinators/934]
<br/><br/>
<small><i>We aim to finalize the agenda the week before the event. You can follow along with the work in progress agenda on our [github repository](https://github.com/bitdevsamsterdam/bitdevsamsterdam.github.io/issues/). Feel free to suggest topics you'd like to discuss on the github issue!</i></small>
